ECS is essentially the AWS implementation of Docker and Containers

1. ECS - Elastic Container service.
Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) is a cloud computing service in Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
that manages containers and allows developers to run applications in the cloud without having to configure an environment 
for the code to run in.

2. ECS Clusters:
An Amazon ECS cluster is a logical grouping of tasks or services. 
If you are running tasks or services that use the EC2 launch type, a cluster is also a grouping of container instances.

3. EC2  - Elastic Compute Cloud- is a Service 
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud.
It is designed to make web-scale cloud computing easier for developers. 
EC2 Machines are like our desktops/systems.

4. ECS container instances: (each ec2 machine is called an instance)
Amazon ECS container instance is an Amazon EC2 instance that is running the Amazon ECS container agent and has been 
registered into an Amazon ECS cluster.

5. Amazon ECS container agent: (connection b/w cluster and instance)
The Amazon ECS container agent is a software that AWS has developed for its Amazon EC2 Container Service that allows
container instances to connect to your clusters.

6. Repositories:
A repository is the fundamental version control object in CodeCommit. It's where you securely store code and files for your project.

7. Task Definitions -Amazon ECS Task definitions. 
Amazon ECS uses Docker images in task definitions to launch containers on Amazon EC2 instances in your clusters.
A task definition is required to run Docker containers in Amazon ECS.


8. Application Load Balancer (ALB):
The Application Load Balancer is a feature of Elastic Load Balancing(ELB) that allows a developer to configure and route incoming end-user 
traffic to applications based in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) public cloud.

9. Target Groups:
A target group allows traffic to correctly reach a specified service.
A target group tells a load balancer where to direct traffic to : EC2 instances, fixed IP addresses; or AWS Lambda functions, amongst others. 


10. Listeners in Load balancer:
The listener checks for incoming connection requests to your ALB in order to route traffic appropriately.



VPC - Virtual private cloud
Cloud formation



